Use new semantic color names (info, confirm, notify and alert) (#1431)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/wicked-timers-bake.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': minor
---

> Replaced the `success`, `warning` and `danger` color usage with the new values `confirm`, `notify` and `alert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaced the `success`, `warning`, and `danger` colors with the new `confirm`, `notify`, and `alert` colors.
```
